agents behavior. And in
the review prompt, we're
doing a couple essential
things. If we just
collapse everything, we can
see a simple view
of this prompt and
understand it at a
high level. There's always
a great place to
start when you're reviewing
prompts, collapse, keep it
simple. Don't get overwhelmed.
Follow the instructions, review
the work done against
a specification file, right?
Use git diff, understand
the changes that were
made, capture screenshots and
report any issues. Okay.
If not report success.
Great. What are we
reporting exactly? You can
see our variables here,
ADW spec file, agent
name, review image directory.